articles/app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-ios-get-started-users.md, before:

<properties
    pageTitle="Add Authentication on iOS with Azure Mobile Apps"
    description="Learn how to use Azure Mobile Apps to authenticate users of your iOS app through a variety of identity providers, including AAD, Google, Facebook, Twitter, and Microsoft."
    services="app-service\mobile"
    documentationCenter="ios"
    authors="ysxu"
    manager="yochayk"
    editor=""/>

<tags
    ms.service="app-service-mobile"
    ms.workload="mobile"
    ms.tgt_pltfrm="mobile-ios"
    ms.devlang="dotnet"
    ms.topic="article"
    ms.date="10/01/2016"
    ms.author="yuaxu"/>


# <a name="add-authentication-to-your-ios-app"></a>Add authentication to your iOS app

[AZURE.INCLUDE [app-service-mobile-selector-get-started-users](../../includes/app-service-mobile-selector-get-started-users.md)]

In this tutorial, you add authentication to the [iOS quick start] project using a supported identity provider. This tutorial is based on the [iOS quick start] tutorial, which you must complete first.

##<a name="<a-name="register"></a>register-your-app-for-authentication-and-configure-the-app-service"></a><a name="register"></a>Register your app for authentication and configure the App Service

[AZURE.INCLUDE [app-service-mobile-register-authentication](../../includes/app-service-mobile-register-authentication.md)]

##<a name="<a-name="permissions"></a>restrict-permissions-to-authenticated-users"></a><a name="permissions"></a>Restrict permissions to authenticated users

[AZURE.INCLUDE [app-service-mobile-restrict-permissions-dotnet-backend](../../includes/app-service-mobile-restrict-permissions-dotnet-backend.md)]

In Xcode, press **Run** to  start the app. An exception will be raised because the app attempts to access the backend as an unauthenticated user, but _TodoItem_ table now requires authentication.

##<a name="<a-name="add-authentication"></a>add-authentication-to-app"></a><a name="add-authentication"></a>Add authentication to app

[AZURE.INCLUDE [app-service-mobile-ios-authenticate-app](../../includes/app-service-mobile-ios-authenticate-app.md)]


<!-- URLs. -->

[iOS quick start]: app-service-mobile-ios-get-started.md

[Azure portal]: https://portal.azure.com



<!--HONumber=Oct16_HO2-->

Commit message:

Convert azure content to ops docs

articles/app-service-mobile/app-service-mobile-ios-get-started-users.md, after:

---
title: Add Authentication on iOS with Azure Mobile Apps
description: Learn how to use Azure Mobile Apps to authenticate users of your iOS app through a variety of identity providers, including AAD, Google, Facebook, Twitter, and Microsoft.
services: app-service\mobile
documentationcenter: ios
author: ysxu
manager: yochayk
editor: ''

ms.service: app-service-mobile
ms.workload: mobile
ms.tgt_pltfrm: mobile-ios
ms.devlang: dotnet
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 10/01/2016
ms.author: yuaxu

---
# <a name="add-authentication-to-your-ios-app"></a>Add authentication to your iOS app
[!INCLUDE [app-service-mobile-selector-get-started-users](../../includes/app-service-mobile-selector-get-started-users.md)]

In this tutorial, you add authentication to the [iOS quick start] project using a supported identity provider. This tutorial is based on the [iOS quick start] tutorial, which you must complete first.

## <a name="<a-name="register"></a>register-your-app-for-authentication-and-configure-the-app-service"></a><a name="register"></a>Register your app for authentication and configure the App Service
[!INCLUDE [app-service-mobile-register-authentication](../../includes/app-service-mobile-register-authentication.md)]

## <a name="<a-name="permissions"></a>restrict-permissions-to-authenticated-users"></a><a name="permissions"></a>Restrict permissions to authenticated users
[!INCLUDE [app-service-mobile-restrict-permissions-dotnet-backend](../../includes/app-service-mobile-restrict-permissions-dotnet-backend.md)]

In Xcode, press **Run** to  start the app. An exception will be raised because the app attempts to access the backend as an unauthenticated user, but *TodoItem* table now requires authentication.

## <a name="<a-name="add-authentication"></a>add-authentication-to-app"></a><a name="add-authentication"></a>Add authentication to app
[!INCLUDE [app-service-mobile-ios-authenticate-app](../../includes/app-service-mobile-ios-authenticate-app.md)]

<!-- URLs. -->

[iOS quick start]: app-service-mobile-ios-get-started.md

[Azure portal]: https://portal.azure.com



<!--HONumber=Oct16_HO2-->
