articles/marketplace-publishing/marketplace-publishing-data-service-creation-odata-mapping-examples.md, before:

<properties
   pageTitle="Guide to creating a Data Service for the  Marketplace | Microsoft Azure"
   description="Detailed instructions of how to create, certify and deploy a Data Service for purchase on the Azure Marketplace."
   services="marketplace-publishing"
   documentationCenter=""
   authors="HannibalSII"
   manager="hascipio"
   editor=""/>

   <tags
      ms.service="marketplace"
      ms.devlang="na"
      ms.topic="article"
      ms.tgt_pltfrm="na"
      ms.workload="na"
      ms.date="08/26/2016"
      ms.author="hascipio; avikova" />


# <a name="examples-of-mapping-an-existing-web-service-to-odata-through-csdls"></a>Examples of mapping an existing web service to OData through CSDLs

>[AZURE.IMPORTANT] **At this time we are no longer onboarding any new Data Service publishers. New dataservices will not get approved for listing.** If you have a SaaS business application you would like to publish on AppSource you can find more information [here](https://appsource.microsoft.com/partners). If you have an IaaS applications or developer service you would like to publish on Azure Marketplace you can find more information [here](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/programs/certified/).

## <a name="example:-functionimport-for-"raw"-data-returned-using-"post""></a>Example: FunctionImport for "Raw" data returned using "POST"
Use POST Raw data to create a new subordinate and return its server defined URL(location) or to update part of the subordinate at the server defined URL.  Where the subordinate is a stream, i.e. unstructured, ex. a text file.  Beware POST in not idempotent without a location.

        <!--  No EntitySet or EntityType nodes required for Raw output-->
        <FunctionImport Name="AddUsageEvent" ReturnType="Raw(text/plain)" d:EncodeParameterValues="true" d:AllowedHttpMethods="POST" d:BaseUri="http://services.organization.net/MyServicePath?name={name}&amp;AccountKey=22AC643">
        <d:Title d:Map="" />
        <d:Rights d:Map="" />
        <d:Description>Add usage event (data acquisition)</d:Description>
        <d:Headers>
        <d:Header d:Name="Content-Type" d:Value="application/xml;charset=UTF-8" />
        </d:Headers>
        <Parameter Name="name" Nullable="false" Mode="In" Type="String" d:Description="first name" d:SampleValues="John|Joe|Bill"  d:EncodeParameterValue="true" />
        <d:Namespaces>
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p" d:Uri="http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace " />
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p2" d:Uri=" http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace2 " />
        </d:Namespaces>
        </FunctionImport>

## <a name="example:-functionimport-using-"delete""></a>Example: FunctionImport using "DELETE"
Use DELETE to remove a specified URI.

        <EntitySet Name="DeleteUsageFileEntitySet" EntityType="MyOffer.DeleteUsageFileEntity" />
        <FunctionImport Name="DeleteUsageFile" EntitySet="DeleteUsageFileEntitySet" ReturnType="Collection(MyOffer.DeleteUsageFileEntity)"  d:AllowedHttpMethods="DELETE" d:EncodeParameterValues="true” d:BaseUri=”http://services.organization.net/MyServicePath?name={name}&amp;AccountKey=22AC643" >
        <d:Title d:Map="" />
        <d:Rights d:Map="" />
        <d:Description>Delete usage File</d:Description>
        <d:Headers>
        <d:Header d:Name="Content-Type" d:Value="application/xml;charset=UTF-8" />
        </d:Headers>
        <Parameter Name="name" Nullable="false" Mode="In" Type="String" d:Description="first name" d:SampleValues="John|Joe|Bill"  d:EncodeParameterValue="true" />
        <d:Namespaces>
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p" d:Uri="http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace " />
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p2" d:Uri=" http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace2 " />
        </d:Namespaces>
        </FunctionImport>
        <EntityType Name="DeleteUsageFileEntity" d:Map="//boolean">
        <Property Name="boolean" Type="String" Nullable="true" d:Map="./boolean" />
        </EntityType>

## <a name="example:-functionimport-using-"post""></a>Example: FunctionImport using "POST"
Use POST Raw data to create a new subordinate and return its server defined URL(location) or to update part of the subordinate at the server defined URL.  Where the subordinate is a structure. Beware POST is not idempotent without a location.

        <EntitySet Name="CreateANewModelEntitySet2" EntityType=" MyOffer.CreateANewModelEntity2" />
        <FunctionImport Name="CreateModel" EntitySet="CreateANewModelEntitySet2" ReturnType="Collection(MyOffer.CreateANewModelEntity2)" d:EncodeParameterValues="true" d:AllowedHttpMethods="POST" d:BaseUri=”http://services.organization.net/MyServicePath?name={name}&amp;AccountKey=22AC643">
        <d:Title d:Map="" />
        <d:Rights d:Map="" />
        <d:Description>Create A New Model</d:Description>
        <d:Headers>
        <d:Header d:Name="Content-Type" d:Value="application/xml;charset=UTF-8" />
        </d:Headers>
        <Parameter name="name" Nullable="false" Mode="In" Type="String" d:Description="first name" d:SampleValues="John|Joe|Bill"  d:EncodeParameterValue="true" />
        <d:Namespaces>
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p" d:Uri="http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace " />
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p2" d:Uri=" http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace2 " />
        </d:Namespaces>
        </FunctionImport>

## <a name="example:-functionimport-using-"put""></a>Example: FunctionImport using "PUT"
Use PUT to create a new subordinate or to update the entire subordinate at a server defined URL.  Where the subordinate is a structure, PUT is idempotent so multiple occurrences will result in the same state, i.e x=5.  Put should be used with the full content of the specified resource.

        <EntitySet Name="UpdateAnExistingModelEntitySet" EntityType="MyOffer.UpdateAnExistingModelEntity" />
        <FunctionImport Name="UpdateModel" EntitySet="UpdateAnExistingModelEntitySet" ReturnType="Collection(MyOffer.UpdateAnExistingModelEntity)" d:EncodeParameterValues="true" d:AllowedHttpMethods="PUT" d:BaseUri=”http://services.organization.net/MyServicePath?name={name}&amp;AccountKey=22AC643">
        <d:Title d:Map="" />
        <d:Rights d:Map="" />
        <d:Description>Update an Existing Model</d:Description>
        <d:Headers>
        <d:Header d:Name="Content-Type" d:Value="application/xml;charset=UTF-8" />
        </d:Headers>
        <Parameter Name="name" Nullable="false" Mode="In" Type="String" d:Description="first name" d:SampleValues="John|Joe|Bill"  d:EncodeParameterValue="true" />
        <d:Namespaces>
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p" d:Uri="http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace " />
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p2" d:Uri=" http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace2 " />
        </d:Namespaces>
        </FunctionImport>
        <EntityType Name="UpdateAnExistingModelEntity" d:Map="//string">
        <Property Name="string"     Type="String" Nullable="true" d:Map="./string" />
        </EntityType>


## <a name="example:-functionimport-for-"raw"-data-returned-using-"put""></a>Example: FunctionImport for "Raw" data returned using "PUT"
Use PUT Raw data to create a new subordinate or to update the entire subordinate at a server defined URL.  Where the subordinate is a stream, i.e. unstructured, ex. a text file.  PUT is idempotent so multiple occurrences will result in the same state, i.e x=5.  Put should be used with the full content of the specified resource.

        <!--  No EntitySet or EntityType nodes required for Raw output-->
        <FunctionImport Name="CancelBuild” ReturnType="Raw(text/plain)" d:AllowedHttpMethods="PUT" d:EncodeParameterValues="true" d:BaseUri=” http://services.organization.net/MyServicePath?name={name}&amp;AccountKey=22AC643">
        <d:Title d:Map="" />
        <d:Rights d:Map="" />
        <d:Description>Cancel Build</d:Description>
        <d:Headers>
        <d:Header d:Name="Content-Type" d:Value="application/xml;charset=UTF-8" />
        </d:Headers>
        <Parameter Name="name" Nullable="false" Mode="In" Type="String" d:Description="first name" d:SampleValues="John|Joe|Bill"  d:EncodeParameterValue="true" />
        <d:Namespaces>
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p" d:Uri="http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace " />
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p2" d:Uri=" http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace2 " />
        </d:Namespaces>
        </FunctionImport>


## <a name="example:-functionimport-for-"raw"-data-returned-using-"get""></a>Example: FunctionImport for "Raw" data returned using "GET"
Use GET Raw data to return a subordinate that is unstructured, i.e. text.

        <!--  No EntitySet or EntityType nodes required for Raw output-->
        <FunctionImport Name="GetModelUsageFile" ReturnType="Raw(text/plain)" d:EncodeParameterValues="true" d:AllowedHttpMethods="GET" d:BaseUri="https://cmla.cloudapp.net/api2/model/builder/build?buildId={buildId}&amp;apiVersion={apiVersion}">
        <d:Title d:Map="" />
        <d:Rights d:Map="" />
        <d:Description>Download A Models Usage File</d:Description>
        <d:Headers>
        <d:Header d:Name="Accept" d:Value="application/xml,application/xhtml+xml,text/html;" />
        <d:Header d:Name="Content-Type" d:Value="application/xml;charset=UTF-8" />
        </d:Headers>
        <Parameter Name="name" Nullable="false" Mode="In" Type="String" d:Description="first name" d:SampleValues="John|Joe|Bill"  d:EncodeParameterValue="true" />
        <d:Namespaces>
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p" d:Uri="http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace " />
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p2" d:Uri=" http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace2 " />
        </d:Namespaces>
        </FunctionImport>

## <a name="example:-functionimport-for-"paging"-through-returned-data"></a>Example: FunctionImport for "Paging" through returned data
Use implement RESTful paging through your data with GET.  Default paging is set to 100 row per page of data.

        <EntitySet Name=”CropEntitySet" EntityType="MyOffer.CropEntity" />
        <FunctionImport Name="GetCropReport" EntitySet="CropEntitySet” ReturnType="Collection(MyOffer.CropEntity)" d:EmitSelfLink="false" d:EncodeParameterValues="true" d:Paging="SkipTake" d:MaxPageSize="100" d:BaseUri="http://api.mydata.org/Crop? report={report}&amp;series={series}&amp;start={$skip}&amp;size=100">
        <Parameter Name="report" Type="Int32" Mode="In" Nullable="false" d:SampleValues="4"  d:enum="1|2|3|4|5|6|7|8|9|10|11|12|13|14|15|16|17|18|19"  />
        <Parameter Name="series"    Type="String"   Mode="In" Nullable="false" d:SampleValues="FARM" />
        <d:Headers>
        <d:Header d:Name="Content-Type" d:Value="text/xml;charset=UTF-8" />
        </d:Headers>
        <d:Namespaces>
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="diffgr" d:Uri="urn:schemas-microsoft-com:xml-diffgram-v1" />
        </d:Namespaces>
        </FunctionImport>

## <a name="see-also"></a>See Also
- If you are interested in understanding the overall OData mapping process and purpose, read this article [Data Service OData Mapping](marketplace-publishing-data-service-creation-odata-mapping.md) to review definitions, structures, and instructions.
- If you are interested in learning and understanding the specific nodes and their parameters, read this article [Data Service OData Mapping Nodes](marketplace-publishing-data-service-creation-odata-mapping-nodes.md) for definitions and explanations, examples, and use case context.
- To return to the prescribed path for publishing a Data Service to the Azure Marketplace, read this article [Data Service Publishing Guide](marketplace-publishing-data-service-creation.md).



<!--HONumber=Oct16_HO2-->

Commit message:

Convert azure content to ops docs

articles/marketplace-publishing/marketplace-publishing-data-service-creation-odata-mapping-examples.md, after:

---
title: Guide to creating a Data Service for the  Marketplace | Microsoft Docs
description: Detailed instructions of how to create, certify and deploy a Data Service for purchase on the Azure Marketplace.
services: marketplace-publishing
documentationcenter: ''
author: HannibalSII
manager: hascipio
editor: ''

ms.service: marketplace
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 08/26/2016
ms.author: hascipio; avikova

---
# <a name="examples-of-mapping-an-existing-web-service-to-odata-through-csdls"></a>Examples of mapping an existing web service to OData through CSDLs
> [!IMPORTANT]
> **At this time we are no longer onboarding any new Data Service publishers. New dataservices will not get approved for listing.** If you have a SaaS business application you would like to publish on AppSource you can find more information [here](https://appsource.microsoft.com/partners). If you have an IaaS applications or developer service you would like to publish on Azure Marketplace you can find more information [here](https://azure.microsoft.com/marketplace/programs/certified/).
> 
> 

## <a name="example:-functionimport-for-"raw"-data-returned-using-"post""></a>Example: FunctionImport for "Raw" data returned using "POST"
Use POST Raw data to create a new subordinate and return its server defined URL(location) or to update part of the subordinate at the server defined URL.  Where the subordinate is a stream, i.e. unstructured, ex. a text file.  Beware POST in not idempotent without a location.

        <!--  No EntitySet or EntityType nodes required for Raw output-->
        <FunctionImport Name="AddUsageEvent" ReturnType="Raw(text/plain)" d:EncodeParameterValues="true" d:AllowedHttpMethods="POST" d:BaseUri="http://services.organization.net/MyServicePath?name={name}&amp;AccountKey=22AC643">
        <d:Title d:Map="" />
        <d:Rights d:Map="" />
        <d:Description>Add usage event (data acquisition)</d:Description>
        <d:Headers>
        <d:Header d:Name="Content-Type" d:Value="application/xml;charset=UTF-8" />
        </d:Headers>
        <Parameter Name="name" Nullable="false" Mode="In" Type="String" d:Description="first name" d:SampleValues="John|Joe|Bill"  d:EncodeParameterValue="true" />
        <d:Namespaces>
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p" d:Uri="http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace " />
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p2" d:Uri=" http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace2 " />
        </d:Namespaces>
        </FunctionImport>

## <a name="example:-functionimport-using-"delete""></a>Example: FunctionImport using "DELETE"
Use DELETE to remove a specified URI.

        <EntitySet Name="DeleteUsageFileEntitySet" EntityType="MyOffer.DeleteUsageFileEntity" />
        <FunctionImport Name="DeleteUsageFile" EntitySet="DeleteUsageFileEntitySet" ReturnType="Collection(MyOffer.DeleteUsageFileEntity)"  d:AllowedHttpMethods="DELETE" d:EncodeParameterValues="true” d:BaseUri=”http://services.organization.net/MyServicePath?name={name}&amp;AccountKey=22AC643" >
        <d:Title d:Map="" />
        <d:Rights d:Map="" />
        <d:Description>Delete usage File</d:Description>
        <d:Headers>
        <d:Header d:Name="Content-Type" d:Value="application/xml;charset=UTF-8" />
        </d:Headers>
        <Parameter Name="name" Nullable="false" Mode="In" Type="String" d:Description="first name" d:SampleValues="John|Joe|Bill"  d:EncodeParameterValue="true" />
        <d:Namespaces>
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p" d:Uri="http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace " />
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p2" d:Uri=" http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace2 " />
        </d:Namespaces>
        </FunctionImport>
        <EntityType Name="DeleteUsageFileEntity" d:Map="//boolean">
        <Property Name="boolean" Type="String" Nullable="true" d:Map="./boolean" />
        </EntityType>

## <a name="example:-functionimport-using-"post""></a>Example: FunctionImport using "POST"
Use POST Raw data to create a new subordinate and return its server defined URL(location) or to update part of the subordinate at the server defined URL.  Where the subordinate is a structure. Beware POST is not idempotent without a location.

        <EntitySet Name="CreateANewModelEntitySet2" EntityType=" MyOffer.CreateANewModelEntity2" />
        <FunctionImport Name="CreateModel" EntitySet="CreateANewModelEntitySet2" ReturnType="Collection(MyOffer.CreateANewModelEntity2)" d:EncodeParameterValues="true" d:AllowedHttpMethods="POST" d:BaseUri=”http://services.organization.net/MyServicePath?name={name}&amp;AccountKey=22AC643">
        <d:Title d:Map="" />
        <d:Rights d:Map="" />
        <d:Description>Create A New Model</d:Description>
        <d:Headers>
        <d:Header d:Name="Content-Type" d:Value="application/xml;charset=UTF-8" />
        </d:Headers>
        <Parameter name="name" Nullable="false" Mode="In" Type="String" d:Description="first name" d:SampleValues="John|Joe|Bill"  d:EncodeParameterValue="true" />
        <d:Namespaces>
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p" d:Uri="http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace " />
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p2" d:Uri=" http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace2 " />
        </d:Namespaces>
        </FunctionImport>

## <a name="example:-functionimport-using-"put""></a>Example: FunctionImport using "PUT"
Use PUT to create a new subordinate or to update the entire subordinate at a server defined URL.  Where the subordinate is a structure, PUT is idempotent so multiple occurrences will result in the same state, i.e x=5.  Put should be used with the full content of the specified resource.

        <EntitySet Name="UpdateAnExistingModelEntitySet" EntityType="MyOffer.UpdateAnExistingModelEntity" />
        <FunctionImport Name="UpdateModel" EntitySet="UpdateAnExistingModelEntitySet" ReturnType="Collection(MyOffer.UpdateAnExistingModelEntity)" d:EncodeParameterValues="true" d:AllowedHttpMethods="PUT" d:BaseUri=”http://services.organization.net/MyServicePath?name={name}&amp;AccountKey=22AC643">
        <d:Title d:Map="" />
        <d:Rights d:Map="" />
        <d:Description>Update an Existing Model</d:Description>
        <d:Headers>
        <d:Header d:Name="Content-Type" d:Value="application/xml;charset=UTF-8" />
        </d:Headers>
        <Parameter Name="name" Nullable="false" Mode="In" Type="String" d:Description="first name" d:SampleValues="John|Joe|Bill"  d:EncodeParameterValue="true" />
        <d:Namespaces>
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p" d:Uri="http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace " />
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p2" d:Uri=" http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace2 " />
        </d:Namespaces>
        </FunctionImport>
        <EntityType Name="UpdateAnExistingModelEntity" d:Map="//string">
        <Property Name="string"     Type="String" Nullable="true" d:Map="./string" />
        </EntityType>


## <a name="example:-functionimport-for-"raw"-data-returned-using-"put""></a>Example: FunctionImport for "Raw" data returned using "PUT"
Use PUT Raw data to create a new subordinate or to update the entire subordinate at a server defined URL.  Where the subordinate is a stream, i.e. unstructured, ex. a text file.  PUT is idempotent so multiple occurrences will result in the same state, i.e x=5.  Put should be used with the full content of the specified resource.

        <!--  No EntitySet or EntityType nodes required for Raw output-->
        <FunctionImport Name="CancelBuild” ReturnType="Raw(text/plain)" d:AllowedHttpMethods="PUT" d:EncodeParameterValues="true" d:BaseUri=” http://services.organization.net/MyServicePath?name={name}&amp;AccountKey=22AC643">
        <d:Title d:Map="" />
        <d:Rights d:Map="" />
        <d:Description>Cancel Build</d:Description>
        <d:Headers>
        <d:Header d:Name="Content-Type" d:Value="application/xml;charset=UTF-8" />
        </d:Headers>
        <Parameter Name="name" Nullable="false" Mode="In" Type="String" d:Description="first name" d:SampleValues="John|Joe|Bill"  d:EncodeParameterValue="true" />
        <d:Namespaces>
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p" d:Uri="http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace " />
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p2" d:Uri=" http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace2 " />
        </d:Namespaces>
        </FunctionImport>


## <a name="example:-functionimport-for-"raw"-data-returned-using-"get""></a>Example: FunctionImport for "Raw" data returned using "GET"
Use GET Raw data to return a subordinate that is unstructured, i.e. text.

        <!--  No EntitySet or EntityType nodes required for Raw output-->
        <FunctionImport Name="GetModelUsageFile" ReturnType="Raw(text/plain)" d:EncodeParameterValues="true" d:AllowedHttpMethods="GET" d:BaseUri="https://cmla.cloudapp.net/api2/model/builder/build?buildId={buildId}&amp;apiVersion={apiVersion}">
        <d:Title d:Map="" />
        <d:Rights d:Map="" />
        <d:Description>Download A Models Usage File</d:Description>
        <d:Headers>
        <d:Header d:Name="Accept" d:Value="application/xml,application/xhtml+xml,text/html;" />
        <d:Header d:Name="Content-Type" d:Value="application/xml;charset=UTF-8" />
        </d:Headers>
        <Parameter Name="name" Nullable="false" Mode="In" Type="String" d:Description="first name" d:SampleValues="John|Joe|Bill"  d:EncodeParameterValue="true" />
        <d:Namespaces>
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p" d:Uri="http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace " />
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="p2" d:Uri=" http://schemas.organization.net/2010/04/myNamespace2 " />
        </d:Namespaces>
        </FunctionImport>

## <a name="example:-functionimport-for-"paging"-through-returned-data"></a>Example: FunctionImport for "Paging" through returned data
Use implement RESTful paging through your data with GET.  Default paging is set to 100 row per page of data.

        <EntitySet Name=”CropEntitySet" EntityType="MyOffer.CropEntity" />
        <FunctionImport Name="GetCropReport" EntitySet="CropEntitySet” ReturnType="Collection(MyOffer.CropEntity)" d:EmitSelfLink="false" d:EncodeParameterValues="true" d:Paging="SkipTake" d:MaxPageSize="100" d:BaseUri="http://api.mydata.org/Crop? report={report}&amp;series={series}&amp;start={$skip}&amp;size=100">
        <Parameter Name="report" Type="Int32" Mode="In" Nullable="false" d:SampleValues="4"  d:enum="1|2|3|4|5|6|7|8|9|10|11|12|13|14|15|16|17|18|19"  />
        <Parameter Name="series"    Type="String"   Mode="In" Nullable="false" d:SampleValues="FARM" />
        <d:Headers>
        <d:Header d:Name="Content-Type" d:Value="text/xml;charset=UTF-8" />
        </d:Headers>
        <d:Namespaces>
        <d:Namespace d:Prefix="diffgr" d:Uri="urn:schemas-microsoft-com:xml-diffgram-v1" />
        </d:Namespaces>
        </FunctionImport>

## <a name="see-also"></a>See Also
* If you are interested in understanding the overall OData mapping process and purpose, read this article [Data Service OData Mapping](marketplace-publishing-data-service-creation-odata-mapping.md) to review definitions, structures, and instructions.
* If you are interested in learning and understanding the specific nodes and their parameters, read this article [Data Service OData Mapping Nodes](marketplace-publishing-data-service-creation-odata-mapping-nodes.md) for definitions and explanations, examples, and use case context.
* To return to the prescribed path for publishing a Data Service to the Azure Marketplace, read this article [Data Service Publishing Guide](marketplace-publishing-data-service-creation.md).

<!--HONumber=Oct16_HO2-->
