articles/traffic-manager/traffic-manager-manage-endpoints.md, before:

<properties
    pageTitle="Manage endpoints in Azure Traffic Manager | Microsoft Azure"
    description="This article will help you add, remove, enable and disable endpoints from Azure Traffic Manager."
    services="traffic-manager"
    documentationCenter=""
    authors="sdwheeler"
    manager="carmonm"
    editor=""
/>
<tags
    ms.service="traffic-manager"
    ms.devlang="na"
    ms.topic="get-started-article"
    ms.tgt_pltfrm="na"
    ms.workload="infrastructure-services"
    ms.date="10/11/2016"
    ms.author="sewhee"
/>


# <a name="add,-disable,-enable,-or-delete-endpoints"></a>Add, disable, enable, or delete endpoints

The Web Apps feature in Azure App Service already provides failover and round-robin traffic routing functionality for websites within a datacenter, regardless of the website mode. Azure Traffic Manager allows you to specify failover and round-robin traffic routing for websites and cloud services in different datacenters. The first step necessary to provide that functionality is to add the cloud service or website endpoint to Traffic Manager.

>[AZURE.NOTE]  This article explains how to use the classic portal. The Azure classic portal only supports the creation and assignment of cloud services and Web apps as endpoints. The new [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) is the preferred interface.

You can also disable individual endpoints that are part of a Traffic Manager profile. Disabling an endpoint leaves it as part of the profile, but the profile acts as if the endpoint is not included in it. This action is useful for temporarily removing an endpoint that is in maintenance mode or being redeployed. Once the endpoint is up and running again, it can be enabled.

>[AZURE.NOTE] Disabling an endpoint has nothing to do with its deployment state in Azure. A healthy endpoint remains up and able to receive traffic even when disabled in Traffic Manager. Additionally, disabling an endpoint in one profile does not affect its status in another profile.

## <a name="to-add-a-cloud-service-or-website-endpoint"></a>To add a cloud service or website endpoint

1. On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify. To open the settings page, click the arrow to the right of the profile name.
2. At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are already part of your configuration.
3. At the bottom of the page, click **Add** to access the **Add Service Endpoints** page. By default, the page lists the cloud services under **Service Endpoints**.
4. For cloud services, select the cloud services in the list to add them as endpoints for this profile. Clearing the cloud service name removes it from the list of endpoints.
5. For websites, click the **Service Type** drop-down list, and then select **Web app**.
6. Select the websites in the list to add them as endpoints for this profile. Clearing the website name removes it from the list of endpoints. You can select only one website per Azure datacenter (also known as a region). When you select the first website, the other websites in the same datacenter become unavailable for selection. Also note that only Standard websites are listed.
7. After you select the endpoints for this profile, click the checkmark on the lower right to save your changes.

>[AZURE.NOTE] After you add or remove an endpoint from a profile using the *Failover* traffic routing method, the failover priority list may not be ordered they way you want. You can adjust the order of the Failover Priority List on the Configuration page. For more information, see [Configure Failover traffic routing](traffic-manager-configure-failover-routing-method.md).

## <a name="to-disable-an-endpoint"></a>To disable an endpoint

1. On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify. To open the settings page, click the arrow to the right of the profile name.
2. At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are included in your configuration.
3. Click the endpoint that you want to disable, and then click **Disable** at the bottom of the page.
4. Clients continue to send traffic to the endpoint for the duration of Time-to-Live (TTL). You can change the TTL on the Configuration page of the Traffic Manager profile.

## <a name="to-enable-an-endpoint"></a>To enable an endpoint

1. On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify. To open the settings page, click the arrow to the right of the profile name.
2. At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are included in your configuration.
3. Click the endpoint that you want to enable, and then click **Enable** at the bottom of the page.
4. Clients are directed to the enabled endpoint as dictated by the profile.

## <a name="to-delete-a-cloud-service-or-website-endpoint"></a>To delete a cloud service or website endpoint

1. On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify. To open the settings page, click the arrow to the right of the profile name.
2. At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are already part of your configuration.
3. On the Endpoints page, click the name of the endpoint that you want to delete from the profile.
4. At the bottom of the page, click **Delete**.

## <a name="next-steps"></a>Next steps

* [Traffic Manager - Disable, enable, or delete a profile](traffic-manager-manage-profiles.md)
* [Configure failover routing method](traffic-manager-configure-failover-routing-method.md)
* [Configure round robin routing method](traffic-manager-configure-round-robin-routing-method.md)
* [Configure performance routing method](traffic-manager-configure-performance-routing-method.md)
* [Troubleshooting Traffic Manager degraded state](traffic-manager-troubleshooting-degraded.md)
* [Traffic Manager performance considerations](traffic-manager-performance-considerations.md)
* [Operations on Traffic Manager (REST API Reference)](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=313584)



<!--HONumber=Oct16_HO2-->

Commit message:

Convert azure content to ops docs

articles/traffic-manager/traffic-manager-manage-endpoints.md, after:

---
title: Manage endpoints in Azure Traffic Manager | Microsoft Docs
description: This article will help you add, remove, enable and disable endpoints from Azure Traffic Manager.
services: traffic-manager
documentationcenter: ''
author: sdwheeler
manager: carmonm
editor: ''

ms.service: traffic-manager
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: get-started-article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: infrastructure-services
ms.date: 10/11/2016
ms.author: sewhee

---
# <a name="add,-disable,-enable,-or-delete-endpoints"></a>Add, disable, enable, or delete endpoints
The Web Apps feature in Azure App Service already provides failover and round-robin traffic routing functionality for websites within a datacenter, regardless of the website mode. Azure Traffic Manager allows you to specify failover and round-robin traffic routing for websites and cloud services in different datacenters. The first step necessary to provide that functionality is to add the cloud service or website endpoint to Traffic Manager.

> [!NOTE]
> This article explains how to use the classic portal. The Azure classic portal only supports the creation and assignment of cloud services and Web apps as endpoints. The new [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) is the preferred interface.
> 
> 

You can also disable individual endpoints that are part of a Traffic Manager profile. Disabling an endpoint leaves it as part of the profile, but the profile acts as if the endpoint is not included in it. This action is useful for temporarily removing an endpoint that is in maintenance mode or being redeployed. Once the endpoint is up and running again, it can be enabled.

> [!NOTE]
> Disabling an endpoint has nothing to do with its deployment state in Azure. A healthy endpoint remains up and able to receive traffic even when disabled in Traffic Manager. Additionally, disabling an endpoint in one profile does not affect its status in another profile.
> 
> 

## <a name="to-add-a-cloud-service-or-website-endpoint"></a>To add a cloud service or website endpoint
1. On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify. To open the settings page, click the arrow to the right of the profile name.
2. At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are already part of your configuration.
3. At the bottom of the page, click **Add** to access the **Add Service Endpoints** page. By default, the page lists the cloud services under **Service Endpoints**.
4. For cloud services, select the cloud services in the list to add them as endpoints for this profile. Clearing the cloud service name removes it from the list of endpoints.
5. For websites, click the **Service Type** drop-down list, and then select **Web app**.
6. Select the websites in the list to add them as endpoints for this profile. Clearing the website name removes it from the list of endpoints. You can select only one website per Azure datacenter (also known as a region). When you select the first website, the other websites in the same datacenter become unavailable for selection. Also note that only Standard websites are listed.
7. After you select the endpoints for this profile, click the checkmark on the lower right to save your changes.

> [!NOTE]
> After you add or remove an endpoint from a profile using the *Failover* traffic routing method, the failover priority list may not be ordered they way you want. You can adjust the order of the Failover Priority List on the Configuration page. For more information, see [Configure Failover traffic routing](traffic-manager-configure-failover-routing-method.md).
> 
> 

## <a name="to-disable-an-endpoint"></a>To disable an endpoint
1. On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify. To open the settings page, click the arrow to the right of the profile name.
2. At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are included in your configuration.
3. Click the endpoint that you want to disable, and then click **Disable** at the bottom of the page.
4. Clients continue to send traffic to the endpoint for the duration of Time-to-Live (TTL). You can change the TTL on the Configuration page of the Traffic Manager profile.

## <a name="to-enable-an-endpoint"></a>To enable an endpoint
1. On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify. To open the settings page, click the arrow to the right of the profile name.
2. At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are included in your configuration.
3. Click the endpoint that you want to enable, and then click **Enable** at the bottom of the page.
4. Clients are directed to the enabled endpoint as dictated by the profile.

## <a name="to-delete-a-cloud-service-or-website-endpoint"></a>To delete a cloud service or website endpoint
1. On the Traffic Manager pane in the Azure classic portal, locate the Traffic Manager profile that contains the endpoint settings that you want to modify. To open the settings page, click the arrow to the right of the profile name.
2. At the top of the page, click **Endpoints** to view the endpoints that are already part of your configuration.
3. On the Endpoints page, click the name of the endpoint that you want to delete from the profile.
4. At the bottom of the page, click **Delete**.

## <a name="next-steps"></a>Next steps
* [Traffic Manager - Disable, enable, or delete a profile](traffic-manager-manage-profiles.md)
* [Configure failover routing method](traffic-manager-configure-failover-routing-method.md)
* [Configure round robin routing method](traffic-manager-configure-round-robin-routing-method.md)
* [Configure performance routing method](traffic-manager-configure-performance-routing-method.md)
* [Troubleshooting Traffic Manager degraded state](traffic-manager-troubleshooting-degraded.md)
* [Traffic Manager performance considerations](traffic-manager-performance-considerations.md)
* [Operations on Traffic Manager (REST API Reference)](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=313584)

<!--HONumber=Oct16_HO2-->
