articles/power-apps/powerapps-create-api-onedrive.md, before:

<properties
	pageTitle="新增 OneDrive API 至 PowerApps Enterprise | Microsoft Azure"
	description="在您組織的應用程式服務環境中建立或設定新的 OneDrive API"
	services=""
    suite="powerapps"
	documentationCenter="" 
	authors="rajeshramabathiran"
	manager="dwrede"
	editor=""/>

<tags
   ms.service="powerapps"
   ms.devlang="na"
   ms.topic="article"
   ms.tgt_pltfrm="na"
   ms.workload="na" 
   ms.date="03/29/2016"
   ms.author="litran"/>

# 在 PowerApps Enterprise 中建立新的 OneDrive API

> [AZURE.IMPORTANT] 本主題已經封存，並且很快就會移除。請到全新的 [PowerApps](https://powerapps.microsoft.com) 來看看我們在忙些什麼。
> 
> - 若要深入了解 PowerApps 並開始使用，請移至 [PowerApps](https://powerapps.microsoft.com)。  
> - 若要深入了解 PowerApps 中可用的連線，請瀏覽 [List of available connections (可用連線清單)](https://powerapps.microsoft.com/tutorials/connections-list/)。 

<!--Archived
Add the Onedrive API to your organization's (tenant) app service environment. 

## Create the API in the Azure portal

1. In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/), sign-in with your work account. For example, sign-in with *yourUserName*@*YourCompany*.com. When you do this, you are automatically signed in to your company subscription.
 
2. Select **Browse** in the task bar:  
![][14]

3. In the list, you can scroll to find PowerApps or type in *powerapps*:  
![][15]  

4. In **PowerApps**, select **Manage APIs**:    
![Browse to registered apis][1]

5. In **Manage APIs**, select **Add** to add the new API:  
![Add API][2]

6. Enter a descriptive **name** for your API.  
	
7. In **Source**, select **Available APIs** to select the pre-built APIs, and select **OneDrive**:  
![select OneDrive api][3]

8. Select **Settings - Configure required settings**:  
![configure OneDrive API settings][4]

9. Enter the *App Key* and *App Secret* of your OneDrive application. If you don't have one, see the "Register a OneDrive app for use with PowerApps" section in this topic to create the key and secret values you need.  

	> [AZURE.IMPORTANT] Save the **redirect URL**. You may need this value later in this topic.

10. Select **OK** to complete the steps.

When finished, a new OneDrive API is added to your app service environment.

## Optional: Register a OneDrive app for use with PowerApps

If you don't have an existing OneDrive app with the key and secret values, then use the following steps to create the application, and get the values you need. 

1. Go to the [app creation page][5] in _Microsoft account developer center_ and sign in with your _Microsoft Account_.

2. Enter your **Application name**, and select **I accept**:  
![OneDrive new app][6]

3. In the settings page:  

	1. Select **API Settings**.  
	2. Set the redirect URL to the redirect URL you received when you added the new OneDrive API in the Azure Portal (in this topic).  
	3. Select **Save**.  

	![OneDrive app API settings][7]

A new OneDrive app is created. You can use this app in your OneDrive API configuration in the Azure portal. 

## See the REST APIs

[Onedrive REST API](../connectors/connectors-create-api-onedrive.md) reference.

## Summary and next steps
In this topic, you added the OneDrive API to your PowersApps Enterprise. Next, give users access to the API so it can be added to their apps: 

[Add a connection and give users access](powerapps-manage-api-connection-user-access.md)
-->


<!--References-->
[1]: ./media/powerapps-create-api-onedrive/browse-to-registered-apis.PNG
[2]: ./media/powerapps-create-api-onedrive/add-api.PNG
[3]: ./media/powerapps-create-api-onedrive/select-onedrive-api.PNG
[4]: ./media/powerapps-create-api-onedrive/configure-onedrive-api.PNG
[5]: https://account.live.com/developers/applications/create
[6]: ./media/powerapps-create-api-onedrive/onedrive-new-app.PNG
[7]: ./media/powerapps-create-api-onedrive/onedrive-app-api-settings.PNG
[14]: ./media/powerapps-create-api-onedrive/browseall.png
[15]: ./media/powerapps-create-api-onedrive/allresources.png

<!---HONumber=AcomDC_0511_2016-->

Commit message:

Convert azure content to ops docs

articles/power-apps/powerapps-create-api-onedrive.md, after:

---
title: 新增 OneDrive API 至 PowerApps Enterprise | Microsoft Docs
description: 在您組織的應用程式服務環境中建立或設定新的 OneDrive API
services: ''
suite: powerapps
documentationcenter: ''
author: rajeshramabathiran
manager: dwrede
editor: ''

ms.service: powerapps
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 03/29/2016
ms.author: litran

---
# 在 PowerApps Enterprise 中建立新的 OneDrive API
> [!IMPORTANT]
> 本主題已經封存，並且很快就會移除。請到全新的 [PowerApps](https://powerapps.microsoft.com) 來看看我們在忙些什麼。
> 
> * 若要深入了解 PowerApps 並開始使用，請移至 [PowerApps](https://powerapps.microsoft.com)。  
> * 若要深入了解 PowerApps 中可用的連線，請瀏覽 [List of available connections (可用連線清單)](https://powerapps.microsoft.com/tutorials/connections-list/)。 
> 
> 

<!--Archived
Add the Onedrive API to your organization's (tenant) app service environment. 

## Create the API in the Azure portal

1. In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/), sign-in with your work account. For example, sign-in with *yourUserName*@*YourCompany*.com. When you do this, you are automatically signed in to your company subscription.

2. Select **Browse** in the task bar:  
![][14]

3. In the list, you can scroll to find PowerApps or type in *powerapps*:  
![][15]  

4. In **PowerApps**, select **Manage APIs**:    
![Browse to registered apis][1]

5. In **Manage APIs**, select **Add** to add the new API:  
![Add API][2]

6. Enter a descriptive **name** for your API.  

7. In **Source**, select **Available APIs** to select the pre-built APIs, and select **OneDrive**:  
![select OneDrive api][3]

8. Select **Settings - Configure required settings**:  
![configure OneDrive API settings][4]

9. Enter the *App Key* and *App Secret* of your OneDrive application. If you don't have one, see the "Register a OneDrive app for use with PowerApps" section in this topic to create the key and secret values you need.  

    > [AZURE.IMPORTANT] Save the **redirect URL**. You may need this value later in this topic.

10. Select **OK** to complete the steps.

When finished, a new OneDrive API is added to your app service environment.

## Optional: Register a OneDrive app for use with PowerApps

If you don't have an existing OneDrive app with the key and secret values, then use the following steps to create the application, and get the values you need. 

1. Go to the [app creation page][5] in _Microsoft account developer center_ and sign in with your _Microsoft Account_.

2. Enter your **Application name**, and select **I accept**:  
![OneDrive new app][6]

3. In the settings page:  

    1. Select **API Settings**.  
    2. Set the redirect URL to the redirect URL you received when you added the new OneDrive API in the Azure Portal (in this topic).  
    3. Select **Save**.  

    ![OneDrive app API settings][7]

A new OneDrive app is created. You can use this app in your OneDrive API configuration in the Azure portal. 

## See the REST APIs

[Onedrive REST API](../connectors/connectors-create-api-onedrive.md) reference.

## Summary and next steps
In this topic, you added the OneDrive API to your PowersApps Enterprise. Next, give users access to the API so it can be added to their apps: 

[Add a connection and give users access](powerapps-manage-api-connection-user-access.md)
-->


<!--References-->
[1]: ./media/powerapps-create-api-onedrive/browse-to-registered-apis.PNG
[2]: ./media/powerapps-create-api-onedrive/add-api.PNG
[3]: ./media/powerapps-create-api-onedrive/select-onedrive-api.PNG
[4]: ./media/powerapps-create-api-onedrive/configure-onedrive-api.PNG
[5]: https://account.live.com/developers/applications/create
[6]: ./media/powerapps-create-api-onedrive/onedrive-new-app.PNG
[7]: ./media/powerapps-create-api-onedrive/onedrive-app-api-settings.PNG
[14]: ./media/powerapps-create-api-onedrive/browseall.png
[15]: ./media/powerapps-create-api-onedrive/allresources.png

<!---HONumber=AcomDC_0511_2016-->
