articles/power-apps/powerapps-register-api-hosted-in-app-service.md, before:

<properties
	pageTitle="在 PowerApps Enterprise 中開發或建立 App Service 環境代管的 API |Microsoft Azure"
	description="了解如何在 Azure 入口網站中註冊 App Service 環境代管的自訂 API"
	services=""
    suite="powerapps"
	documentationCenter="" 
	authors="MandiOhlinger"
	manager="dwrede"
	editor=""/>

<tags
   ms.service="powerapps"
   ms.devlang="na"
   ms.topic="article"
   ms.tgt_pltfrm="na"
   ms.workload="na" 
   ms.date="05/02/2016"
   ms.author="guayan"/>

# 註冊 App Service 環境代管的 API

> [AZURE.IMPORTANT] 本主題已經封存，並且很快就會移除。請到全新的 [PowerApps](https://powerapps.microsoft.com) 來看看我們在忙些什麼。
> 
> - 若要深入了解 PowerApps 並開始使用，請移至 [PowerApps](https://powerapps.microsoft.com)。  
> - 若要深入了解 PowerApps 中可用的連線，請瀏覽 [List of available connections (可用連線清單)](https://powerapps.microsoft.com/tutorials/connections-list/)。  
> - 若要深入了解 PowerApps 中的自訂 API，請前往 [What are Custom APIs (什麼是自訂 API)](https://powerapps.microsoft.com/tutorials/register-custom-api/)。 

<!--Archived
PowerApps supports registering existing APIs hosted anywhere in the cloud or on-premises, which is really powerful. In some scenarios, you may want to develop or create some new APIs. For example, you may want to:

- Implement some new functionality for your organization to use.
- Build on top of existing functionality or data to provide a better experience for users building their apps.

When you host your APIs in your app service environment, you leverage all the existing capabilities of the [app service environment](../app-service-web/app-service-app-service-environment-intro.md), and also get a better integration experience.

To use these APIs in your apps, you must "register" the APIs in the Azure portal using a managed API, existing APIs in your app service environment, or creating an API using Swagger. 

> [AZURE.SELECTOR]
- [Managed APIs](../articles/power-apps/powerapps-register-from-available-apis.md)
- [APIs in your ASE](../articles/power-apps/powerapps-register-api-hosted-in-app-service.md)
- [Swagger APIs](../articles/power-apps/powerapps-register-existing-api-from-api-definition.md)

In this topic, we focus on the second option - **registering a web app, API app, and mobile app hosted in your app service environment**.

#### Prerequisites to get started

- Sign up for [PowerApps Enterprise](powerapps-get-started-azure-portal.md).
- Create an [app service environment](powerapps-get-started-azure-portal.md).


## Develop and deploy an API in you app service environment

Developing an API in the app service environment is straightforward. You choose your favorite programming language to build a web API, and then use [Swagger 2.0](http://swagger.io) to describe the API definition. Some examples include:  

- [Build and deploy a .NET in Azure App Service](../app-service-api/app-service-api-dotnet-get-started.md)
- [Build and deploy a Java API app in Azure App Service](../app-service-api/app-service-api-java-api-app.md)
- [Build and deploy a Node.js API app in Azure App Service](../app-service-api/app-service-api-nodejs-api-app.md)

You also have options to deploy your web API into an app service environment, including deploying from Visual Studio, and deploying continuously using a source control system.  [Deploy a web app in Azure App Service](../app-service-web/web-sites-deploy.md) is a good resource. 

## Register your custom API in the app service environment

After the API is deployed to your app service environment, use the following steps to register:

1. In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/), select **PowerApps**, and then select **Manage APIs**:  
![][11]
2. In Manage APIs, select **Add**:  
![][12]  
3. In **Add API**, enter the API properties:  

	- In **Name**, enter a name for your API. Notice that the name you enter is included in the runtime URL of the API. Make the name meaningful and unique within your organization.	
	- In **Source**, select **Import from APIs hosted in App Service Environment**:  
	![][13]
4. In **API hosted in App Service Environment**, select the API you want to import. This list shows every web app, API app, and mobile app in your app service environment  that has its **apiDefinition.url** property configured. To import the API, it uses the Swagger 2.0 API definition exposed using this property. Make sure this URL is publicly accessible when you register the API:  
![][14]
5. Select **ADD** to complete these steps.

> [AZURE.TIP] When you register an API, you're registering the API to your app service environment. Once in the app service environment, it can be used by other apps within the same app service environment.

## Summary and next steps
In this topic, you've seen how to register an APIs hosted in your app service environment. Here are some related topics and resources for learning more about PowerApps: 

- [Configure the API properties](powerapps-configure-apis.md)
- [Give users access to the APIs](powerapps-manage-api-connection-user-access.md)
- [Start creating your apps in PowerApps](https://powerapps.microsoft.com/tutorials/)
-->


<!--Reference-->
[11]: ./media/powerapps-register-api-hosted-in-app-service/registered-apis-part.png
[12]: ./media/powerapps-register-api-hosted-in-app-service/add-api-button.png
[13]: ./media/powerapps-register-api-hosted-in-app-service/add-api-blade.png
[14]: ./media/powerapps-register-api-hosted-in-app-service/add-api-select-from-ase.png

<!---HONumber=AcomDC_0504_2016-->

Commit message:

Convert azure content to ops docs

articles/power-apps/powerapps-register-api-hosted-in-app-service.md, after:

---
title: 在 PowerApps Enterprise 中開發或建立 App Service 環境代管的 API | Microsoft Docs
description: 了解如何在 Azure 入口網站中註冊 App Service 環境代管的自訂 API
services: ''
suite: powerapps
documentationcenter: ''
author: MandiOhlinger
manager: dwrede
editor: ''

ms.service: powerapps
ms.devlang: na
ms.topic: article
ms.tgt_pltfrm: na
ms.workload: na
ms.date: 05/02/2016
ms.author: guayan

---
# 註冊 App Service 環境代管的 API
> [!IMPORTANT]
> 本主題已經封存，並且很快就會移除。請到全新的 [PowerApps](https://powerapps.microsoft.com) 來看看我們在忙些什麼。
> 
> * 若要深入了解 PowerApps 並開始使用，請移至 [PowerApps](https://powerapps.microsoft.com)。  
> * 若要深入了解 PowerApps 中可用的連線，請瀏覽 [List of available connections (可用連線清單)](https://powerapps.microsoft.com/tutorials/connections-list/)。  
> * 若要深入了解 PowerApps 中的自訂 API，請前往 [What are Custom APIs (什麼是自訂 API)](https://powerapps.microsoft.com/tutorials/register-custom-api/)。 
> 
> 

<!--Archived
PowerApps supports registering existing APIs hosted anywhere in the cloud or on-premises, which is really powerful. In some scenarios, you may want to develop or create some new APIs. For example, you may want to:

- Implement some new functionality for your organization to use.
- Build on top of existing functionality or data to provide a better experience for users building their apps.

When you host your APIs in your app service environment, you leverage all the existing capabilities of the [app service environment](../app-service-web/app-service-app-service-environment-intro.md), and also get a better integration experience.

To use these APIs in your apps, you must "register" the APIs in the Azure portal using a managed API, existing APIs in your app service environment, or creating an API using Swagger. 

> [AZURE.SELECTOR]
- [Managed APIs](../articles/power-apps/powerapps-register-from-available-apis.md)
- [APIs in your ASE](../articles/power-apps/powerapps-register-api-hosted-in-app-service.md)
- [Swagger APIs](../articles/power-apps/powerapps-register-existing-api-from-api-definition.md)

In this topic, we focus on the second option - **registering a web app, API app, and mobile app hosted in your app service environment**.

#### Prerequisites to get started

- Sign up for [PowerApps Enterprise](powerapps-get-started-azure-portal.md).
- Create an [app service environment](powerapps-get-started-azure-portal.md).


## Develop and deploy an API in you app service environment

Developing an API in the app service environment is straightforward. You choose your favorite programming language to build a web API, and then use [Swagger 2.0](http://swagger.io) to describe the API definition. Some examples include:  

- [Build and deploy a .NET in Azure App Service](../app-service-api/app-service-api-dotnet-get-started.md)
- [Build and deploy a Java API app in Azure App Service](../app-service-api/app-service-api-java-api-app.md)
- [Build and deploy a Node.js API app in Azure App Service](../app-service-api/app-service-api-nodejs-api-app.md)

You also have options to deploy your web API into an app service environment, including deploying from Visual Studio, and deploying continuously using a source control system.  [Deploy a web app in Azure App Service](../app-service-web/web-sites-deploy.md) is a good resource. 

## Register your custom API in the app service environment

After the API is deployed to your app service environment, use the following steps to register:

1. In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/), select **PowerApps**, and then select **Manage APIs**:  
![][11]
2. In Manage APIs, select **Add**:  
![][12]  
3. In **Add API**, enter the API properties:  

    - In **Name**, enter a name for your API. Notice that the name you enter is included in the runtime URL of the API. Make the name meaningful and unique within your organization.    
    - In **Source**, select **Import from APIs hosted in App Service Environment**:  
    ![][13]
4. In **API hosted in App Service Environment**, select the API you want to import. This list shows every web app, API app, and mobile app in your app service environment  that has its **apiDefinition.url** property configured. To import the API, it uses the Swagger 2.0 API definition exposed using this property. Make sure this URL is publicly accessible when you register the API:  
![][14]
5. Select **ADD** to complete these steps.

> [AZURE.TIP] When you register an API, you're registering the API to your app service environment. Once in the app service environment, it can be used by other apps within the same app service environment.

## Summary and next steps
In this topic, you've seen how to register an APIs hosted in your app service environment. Here are some related topics and resources for learning more about PowerApps: 

- [Configure the API properties](powerapps-configure-apis.md)
- [Give users access to the APIs](powerapps-manage-api-connection-user-access.md)
- [Start creating your apps in PowerApps](https://powerapps.microsoft.com/tutorials/)
-->


<!--Reference-->
[11]: ./media/powerapps-register-api-hosted-in-app-service/registered-apis-part.png
[12]: ./media/powerapps-register-api-hosted-in-app-service/add-api-button.png
[13]: ./media/powerapps-register-api-hosted-in-app-service/add-api-blade.png
[14]: ./media/powerapps-register-api-hosted-in-app-service/add-api-select-from-ase.png

<!---HONumber=AcomDC_0504_2016-->
